okay we're on live oaks now yeah you're
gonna be in the video here in this one
so I'm gonna help out helped out by kill
me 69 and we're taking a look at new
live oaks and initial impressions are
they've may be made this little dip a
little bit bigger it looks like they D
foliage the mounds they lowered this
Hill dramatically it's nowhere near as
tall and there's like literally only
liked one Bush up here wow it's so
different now you still got this ridge
line on the side of the road
that dip still exists I don't know much
different the town's going to be
it looks a little bit different down
here doesn't it maybe it doesn't maybe
I'm just on crack
yeah this looks largely the same
we'll just dance around here check out
the water tower
yeah there's not actually this area here
is completely different it looks like
they've added a whole bunch more
buildings into this area because this
used to be this building didn't exist
here before
yeah this is completely different they
added this whole area to fight in
through there so that'll be better I
think that it'll be a little bit more
balance now and I think they also added
that house this under construction house
I don't think that used to be there
either and it looks like they gave us a
hill for this side that's pretty cool
because this Hill this team didn't have
any sort of now that actually has a hill
that they can snipe from as well which
is pretty cool back over this oak tree
Hey look the trees have roots now
they're not just like uncapped polygons
sweet yeah so it looks like you got a
little bit of area where you can use
your gun depression so this tank can sit
here mostly hold down and shoot at guys
that are going to be posted up on that
hill so they'll be less camping which is
interesting and back there doesn't look
too different
I do like the new font for the
for the chat window this guy's nice
because he's not actually trying to
shoot me and kill me sometimes when you
go into these these rooms like you never
know what's going to happen I think this
hard the map is largely still very
similar doesn't look like there's too
many changes here I'm interested to see
if they've done anything down near the
bridge I'm not seeing a heck of a lot
different through here you can see the
AMX 30 B is doing a 65 it's able to hit
what it's registered at which is nice
yeah it doesn't look like there's too
much different down in here you still
got the same bushes to to use but it
looks like they actually raised this
area up now it looks like there's going
to be a dual ridgeline here because this
used to be completely flat and they've
added another bush that you can use to
spot from from here so I think this area
is going to be a lot more progressive
than it used to be because you can go
here you could shoot you shoot and then
it looks like you've got another ridge
line here that you can move up to and if
you've got decent gun depression looks
like you should be able to use this
position to pop up take some shots and
then pop back down so altogether this is
not too bad over here
yeah it's definitely improvement live
oaks is actually it feels a lot more
balanced and not totally imbalanced
towards the other team
I don't think this area is any different
though this area wasn't really
problematic before it was more or less
just this it was this hill area here
that was problematic because this area
didn't have a hill and then they added
in all these buildings to kind of choked
out the middle where these guys could
all fire in through on this team and
then they we got all bottled up in a 4
and then the map just wasn't balanced
very well but now it looks like things
have kind of dialed themselves back in
which is pretty cool this area doesn't
look a heck of a lot different right in
through here it looks largely the same
see if we can hit this guy no complete
list
I'm gonna see if this guy wants to help
overlord yeah I'm really really jazzed
about this this is cool okay I'm gonna
go drive into the lake now swim time
oops
let's see if there's any easter eggs in
here dudududu nope we're dead we've lost
all of our men